https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-30244 CAPZ Troubleshooting/KI (#8646)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/support_troubleshooting/trouble_capz_stuck.adoc

[#trouble-aro-hcp-capz-stuck]

> = Troubleshooting Microsoft Azure Red Hat OpenShift {hcp} cluster with Cluster API Provider for Azure becomes stuck during provisioning

Reviewer: beautiful title

When you create an Azure Red Hat OpenShift {hcp} cluster by using Cluster API Provider for Azure, the cluster status might become stuck during provisioning.

> == Symptom: Microsoft Azure Red Hat OpenShift {hcp} cluster with Cluster API Provider for Azure becomes stuck during provisioning

Reviewer: same feedback on the title as the previous feedback.

Azure Red Hat OpenShift {hcp} clusters with Cluster API Provider for Azure become stuck during provisioning. The cluster status might be _Provisioning_ or _Provisioned_, but the cluster is not available for use.

> == Resolving the problem: Microsoft Azure Red Hat OpenShift {hcp} cluster with Cluster API Provider for Azure becomes stuck during provisioning

Reviewer: same feedback

Reviewer: I am not sure this section is _Resolving._

When we have this: `becomes stuck during provisioning` -- we need to address with the user that specific resolution.

So how do they get the status to change? If I were support, I would be looking for a resolution after _identifying the problem._ Maybe I am missing it here?

Author: @marek-veber Can you help here?

> To troubleshoot the issue, get additional information about the cluster status and conditions, infrastructure status, Azure Service Operator resource status, and events. Complete the following steps:

Reviewer: This is confusing.

> To troubleshoot the issue, get additional information about the cluster status and conditions, infrastructure status, Azure Service Operator resource status, and events. Complete the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin troubleshooting, you need additional information about the cluster status and conditions, infrastructure status, Azure Service Operator resource status, and events. Complete the following steps to get more information:
```

Reviewer: getting the information is required to troubleshoot, but it is not the whole troubleshooting, just a start. At first I expected steps to actually troubleshoot the problem.

. Check the cluster status and conditions. Run the following command. Replace `<cluster-name>` and `<cluster-namespace>` with the name and namespace of your cluster:

+
[source,bash]
---- 
clusterctl describe cluster <cluster-name> -n <cluster-namespace> --show-conditions=all
----

. Check the infrastructure status. Run the following command. Replace `<cluster-name>` and `<cluster-namespace>` with the name and namespace of your cluster:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get arocluster <cluster-name> -n <cluster-namespace> -o yaml | yq '.status'
----

. Check the Azure Service Operator resource status. Run the following command. Replace `<cluster-name>` and `<cluster-namespace>` with the name and namespace of your cluster:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get HcpOpenShiftCluster <cluster-name> -n <cluster-namespace> -o yaml | yq '.status.conditions'
----

. Check for errors in events. Run the following command. Replace `<cluster-namespace>` and `<cluster-name>` and  with the namespace and name of your cluster:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get events -n <cluster-namespace> --sort-by='.lastTimestamp' | grep <cluster-name>

> ----

Reviewer: Some of these are more "Identifying the problem" header that we use it seems
What is the "Resolving the problem" for this file?

Author: @marek-veber Can you help here?

Reviewer: It looks like we went without Resolving, which since we are trying to resolve by checking all these things, we could call it resolving but it is also Identifying. I think it works either way so I will approve.
